Growing up I found myself interested in sports and games like any other youngster.

My best talent in highschool was Maths. I was very good at that. I took higher level math papers back in primary school (elementary for the americans) that were designed for people 5 years older, and I got very high scores on them.

When I was 10, I had my first computer for Christmas. It was an Intel Pentium 300Mhz with a huge 500MB harddrive and a C.R.T. monitor. It cost a lot, but I loved it. My computer interests started there. Naturally with games. I used to play Worms and Raptor. It was all good, until I got issues on the computer. Back then I had nobody to talk to on how to solve issues such as my sound not working in Raptor, which was a serious matter as a child and needed solving. So I took it upon myself to figure out and fix the issue myself, which involved configuring a custom Soundblaster driver to work with my non-Soundblaster sound card.

Playing games was great, but soon I wanted to understand how exactly games were made, and to make my own. I got myself a copy of Adobe Flash and started playing with ActionScript to create some simple games like Pong, Tic-Tac-Toe, and a few custom space games I designed. My maths knowledge really helped here as using calculations and equations played a large part in making games.

Adobe Flash allowed me to make visual games without having to do much in terms of rendering graphics. So naturally I wanted to know how to do the graphics myself.

One thing about me is I have to know exactly how things work, right down to the fundamental building blocks. It's what led me to learn DirectX, Assembly languages for processors and MCU's, building low-level hardware and coding kernel drivers.

I went from Adobe Flash to C, then to C++ and DirectX. I made some 2D games like Pacman and Snooker and then went onto making 3D games.

By now I was about 13 and started getting interested in business. My parents are self-employed and run their own business. Naturally that rubbed off onto me, although nobody in my family has any computer knowledge other than me. I was bored with making games. I had learned all I could in games and wanted to know how computer programs worked in general, such as Microsoft Office and other general applications. So began my venture into custom applications.

I started making applications of various types and styles, from calculators to 3D engines to websites, along the way picking up knowledge of C#, ASP.Net, Javascript and many more languages. Once I had learned a certain number of languages they all came very easily and naturally to me.

To find out more you can say, tell me about your employment, tell me about your skills, or if that is all say, stop.